triggers:-
1. Any entry in Movie_user should update rating of movie. - done
2. Any entry in Comment_user should update no of upvotes and downvotes in Comment table. - done
3. After insert in movie insert in genre with NA. - canceled
4. Any update in Movie_user should update rating of movie. - done
5. Any deletion in Movie_user should update rating of movie. - done
6. Any update in Comment_user should update no of upvotes and downvotes in Comment table. -done 
7. Update in content of comment should  remove number of upvotes and downvotes for that comment.  -done
8. Update in Title of movie should remove its ratings.   - done
9. Update in content of comment should update date posted for that comment. -done
10. Any deletion of Comment_user should update votes of the comment - done
11. if stage is deleted corrsponding awards should be deleted.
12. User having age less that age rating of movie should not be allowed to rate that movie.(we dont currently have age as attribute for user).


procedures and functions

1. A procedure to return vg rated movies by a user. -- DONE
2. A function to calcutate avg rating of all movies of which a person is part of. -- DONE
3. A function to return number of movies a person has done. -- DONE
4. A procedure to take backup of database regurarly.
5. A procedure to get list of all awards won by a person.
6. A procedure to return top 10 specific genre movie of specific year
7. All roles played by a person.
8. All users who upvoted a comment.
9. All users who downvoted a comment.
10. All users who rated a movie and their ratings.
11. Best actor award winner in a stage in past years.
12. User having age less that age rating of movie should not be allowed to rate that movie.(we dont currently have age as attribute for user).
13. A Procedure to check the entire consistency of the Database.
14. A Procedure to archive comments of a specific year
15. created a function to count number of raters for a movie -done.

-> Every field of every table in our DB will have an attribute called flag, deletion => setting flag to 0, Deletion will be under review. -- Done

Need to add

1. avg rating for movie -- Done
2. age for user -- Done
3. mend the ERD dig for which our marks have been cut :-( -- Done